[rbac] Add RBAC documentation with myst-parser (#3366)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/rbac/index.md

# JupyterHub RBAC

Role Based Access Control (RBAC) in JupyterHub serves to provide finer grained access to perform actions by users or services.

## Motivation
The JupyterHub API requires authentication before allowing changes to the administration system. For instance, currently the default behaviour is that creating or deleting users requires *admin rights*. This ensures that an arbitrary user, or even an unauthenticated third party, cannot disrupt the status of the Hub.

> This system is functional, but lacks flexibility. If your Hub serves a number of users in different departments, you might want to delegate permissions to other users or automate certain processes. With this framework, appointing a 'group-only admin', or a bot that culls idle servers, requires granting full rights to all actions. This can be error-prone and violates the [principle of least privilige](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This system is functional, but lacks flexibility. If your Hub serves a number of users in different groups, you might want to delegate permissions to other users or automate certain processes. Appointing a 'group-only admin', or a bot that culls idle servers, requires granting full rights to all actions. This can be error-prone and violates the [principle of least privilege](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_privilege).
```
